Lay lady lay
Lay across my big brass bed
Whatever colors you have
in your mind
I show them to you
and you see them shine
Lay lady lay
Lay across my big brass bed
Stay lady stay
Stay with your man a while
Until the break of day
Let me see you make him smile
His clothes are dirty but his,
his hands are clean
And you are the best thing
that he's ever seen
Stay lady stay
Stay with your man a while
Why wait any longer for
the world to begin
You can have your cake
and eat it too
Why wait any longer for
the one you love
When he's standing
in front of you
Lay lady lay
Lay across my big brass bed
Stay lady stay
Stay while the night is
still ahead
I long to see you
in the morning light
I long to reach for you
in the night
Stay lady stay
Stay while the night
is still ahead